that city was good better he's back at
it again man for the admonished out of
my youth academy with graceful fathers
peers exhorted we gave out a lot of
prizes a lot of our awards it'll be
filled ward st sportsmanship the
children really really appreciate it so
again another one of those great
community efforts is from the board -
stottlemyre trying to build a community
walk community at times I salute you
I think that is amazing that Mari spends
time with the kids he's so genuine my
son has had the best time all week it's
been a great experience we appreciate
him coming out and supporting the
community here my son loves the camp
he's had a lot of fun we've learned a
lot been pretty awesome to see the
impact of the kids he's learned a lot is
uh a lot of a lot of different
fundamentals that he didn't have before
and just experience of running against
kids his own age he really enjoys doing
that Mikey was good as a boy I started
my mail and say thank you for half
response from the camp subway this is
Amar'e Stoudemire San Thank You Little
Caesars Pizza thank you so much for
having sponsoring Academy here in
Gilbert signing off big amar'e
stoudemire
thank you